README: update with resources for exercises and description (#52)
Soypete/WebServices-in-3-weeks: README.md

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/953eeb5a-d347-44af-9d8b-a5b8a918cecf/project/815add1c-01f3-412e-b6cd-730805338e0e.svg)](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/953eeb5a-d347-44af-9d8b-a5b8a918cecf/project/815add1c-01f3-412e-b6cd-730805338e0e)
---

> In this course you will learn all the steps to build a webservice in [Go](https://go.dev/). From starting the service to monitoring your service sit is meant to give you a comprehensive guide for building production level service. The first section of the course will handle building restful bestpractices in go. Connumication is key for designing  and bulding yoru webservices and is th efoundation on qhich your functionality will be built. The second section is all about data bases. Each webservice needs a layer to store, fetch and manipulate the data communicated with it. WE need to make sure our data foudnations are strong so we maintain the state of our services. The last section is an overview of reliability. This section is jsut goes over rilaiabity basics, but they are vital things that avery engineer should include when building a web service. This course does not go over [Go](https://go.dev/) basics. 

Author: ```suggestion
In this course, you will learn all the steps to build a web service in [Go](https://go.dev/). From starting the service to monitoring your service, it is meant to give you a comprehensive guide for building production-level service. The first section of the course will handle building restful best practices in Go. Communication is key for designing and building your services and is the foundation on which your functionality will be built. The second section is all about databases. Each web service needs a layer to store, fetch, and manipulate the data communicated with it. We need to make sure our data foundations are strong so we maintain the state of our services. The last section is an overview of reliability. This section just goes over reliability basics, but they are vital things that every engineer should include when building a web service. This course does not go over [Go](https://go.dev/) basics. 
```

## pre-requisites
- [Go](https://go.dev/) installed and running
- Working knowledge of go

## New to go?

If you are new to go, work through these exercises first
- [Golang Zero to Hero](https://github.com/Soypete/Golang_tutorial_zero_to_hero)
- [Tour of Go](https://go.dev/tour/welcome/1)
- [Gophercises](https://gophercises.com/)

---

# Day 1 - Rest API protocols

* [Exercise 1](restful-go/README.md): std lib listenAndServe
* [Quiz](http-quiz/): Status Codes
* [Exercise 2](restful-go/README.md): Using a web framework
* [Exercise 3](restful-go/README.md): Client to query hosted server 
* [Exercise 4](restful-go/README/md): HttpTests
 
# Day 2 - Databases for webservices

* [Exercise 1](database/README.md): Connect to a live database

> * [live coding](database/demo/): sqlc

Author: ```suggestion
* [live coding](database/demo/): [SQLC](https://sqlc.dev/) and [goose](https://github.com/pressly/goose)
```
